1. AI Prompt Summary

High-level architecture patterns
create DTOs and entities class
build dockerfile
need to enable eureka server for discovery
craete kafka event class
create kafka configs for broker, zookeeper.
create unit test cases for the given class
create flyway migartion script for creation of tables and populating entry in database.
create docker commpose file 
create api route validator ,
create JWT filter for authentication , user service


2. Design Decisions

API GATEWAY  -> AUTH SERVICE  -> ORDER SERVICE  -> INVENTORY SERVICE.

API GATEWAY:

is to enable single entry point and add secured end points routes. 
In future we can add rate limiter as well and single entry point for UI.

AUTH SERVICE :

sepearte service for authentication and authorization.
for sepeartion concern and cleaner code.
Scalability & performance
Consistency & reuse

DISCOVERY SERVICE :

For load balancing and discovery , registration of different microservices.

ORDER SERVICE :
process the request and save into database and publish the events.

INVENTORY SERVICE:

currently lens and frame are checked in inventory in future we can add more products by SOLID principles intems of strategy pattern.

we have used api gateway , microservies pattern , service based database for each service, 
future enhancements as kafka retry , DLT, circuit breakers.

Why Kafka fits this system ?
Kafka is a log with retention , throughput, Exactly‑once processing pattern support: Producer/consumer transactions,

3. What AI Helped With - Specific parts of the code that AI was useful for.

CoPilot, chatgpt, for creation of classes like DTO, entity, sql scripts and writing unit test cases.
writing application.yaml files, creating docker image files and docker compose file.


4. What You Had to Fix or Improve

unit test are mostly good. 
need to improve logic in service impl classes.
code documentation method level comments are sufficient , eassy and well explained.

5. Final Thoughts -
structure of code generation is good , we can easily develop on top of that to compelete the implemenatation.
